---------------------------------------------------------------------
# Written Report

## The Team
Our team consists of Aliaksei Petrusevich, Benjamin Ockert, Austin
Kim, and Iain Morrison.

## The Deployment
Our deployed app can be found at https://DEPLOYEDURL, and our source
code can be found at:
https://github.com/alexey-petrusevich/CS_4550_Final_Project. Our app
is currently deployed and working as it should. The individual work
that each member has done on the project is as follows:

### Aliaksei Petrusevich

### Benjamin Ockert

### Austin Kim

### Iain Morrison


## The App

The project we have chosen to develop for this assignment is something
we have titled "Spotify Party". When public health protocols allow, a
user can host an in-person party with their friends and act as the
"DJ" by using our app. When the host starts a party, they will be able
to see their 10 most recent Spotify playlists and choose which one
will be the playlist for their party. The attendees at the party will
then be able to vote for which songs from that playlist they want to
hear next.

While using the app, users will be able to interact with the "DJ" in
real time through voting and requesting songs. When the host starts a
round of voting, the songs in that round will appear in the views of
the attendee. For each song, they will have an up-vote and a down-vote
button as well as an up-vote and a down-vote count. When they vote on
a song, the count will be updated in real time across the browsers of
all users in the session. For requesting songs, when an attendee
requests a song title, the request will show up immediately in the
view of the DJ/host, who will then be able to take action. The current
song being played will also show up across all views, and will be
updated automatically when a song is skipped or a song ends and a new
song begins.